# Missionary

# Write the PROLOG code for the missionaries and cannibals problem as follows:
<p>            The problem involves three missionaries and three cannibals, all six of whom are originally on one side of a river. There is one boat that will be used to ferry the missionaries and cannibals to the other side of the river. The boat holds two occupants at most, and there is no way to send the boat across the river without having at least one occupant in the boat. The threat is that, if the cannibals outnumber the missionaries in any circumstance, then the cannibals will cook and eat the missionaries. Use the search superstructure to design a Prolog program that searches for ways to ferry all six persons to the other side of the river. Suggestion: Use state representation [M,C,B] where M is the number of missionaries and C is the number of cannibals on bank B. B is 'e' to indicate the near (east) bank and is 'w' to indicate the far (west) bank.   The start state is [3,3,e], and the goal state is [3,3,w]. Write specifications for 'start', 'goal', 'next_state' and 'safe_state', and add them to the search superstructure to obtain a complete program to solve this puzzle. Your program should be able to calculate two distinct minimal solutions each involving eleven boat trips across the river.</p>
            a. Execute this code and draw a graph of the search space.
            b. Verify if altering the rule ordering produces alternative solution paths by changing all the rules of missionaries and cannibals crossing river in reverse order.
